(epic theme playing)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪
(theme fades out)
(Syrax roars)
(Seasmoke roars)
(dragons grumbling. calling)
(shouts) You stand before the Queen
of the Seven Kingdoms...
with a dragon
of House Targaryen!
(shouts) I had
no design upon it!
What do you want?!
Addam of Hull: To learn the ways
of dragonriders.
And to serve my queen!
Your Grace!
(dragons grumbling)
(dragons howling)
(Seasmoke roars)
You kneel quickly...
for a man so suddenly
elevated.
This dragon came to me.
not I to him.
(Seasmoke howls)
I have sweated blood in service
of House Velaryon.
I may appear lowborn...
but I know much
and more of service!
And if the gods call me
to greater things.
who am I
to refuse them?
Stand.
What is your parentage?
My mother was
a shipwright.
My father is...
no one
of consequence.
Your ancestors.
any of House Targaryen?
We're not the sort of family to keep annals.
Your Grace.
What is your name?
Addam... of Hull.
(Seasmoke grumbling)
You have done something...
I feared impossible...
Addam of Hull.
I am glad of it.
(light music playing)
Do you think you can
get him to Dragonstone?
I can try.
(music fades out)
Alicent Hightower:
All my life...
I have endeavored to serve
both my house and the realm.
And somehow
none of it matters.
We are cast aside.
Or hated.
You'll have a scar...
but... (inhales)
it will be easily hidden.
(nearby scritching)
Nothing is clean here.
(rat squeaking)
(distant chatter)
I wish to go out.
Ser Rickard.
Rickard Thorne:
Out?
To the Kingswood.
I think.
Then I'll have
the stewards prepare
- a retinue.
- No retinue.
- Then your handmaidens...
- No handmaidens.
- (birds chirping)
- Just you.
(indistinct chatter)
Jasper "Ironrod" Wylde: What are they for?
The block or the crow cage?
Larys Strong:
The Wall.
The prince regent
is merciful.
Hm.
Well.
they started a riot.
Justice is served.
I suppose.
(horse neighs)
I have received word
of a matter of great importance.
Rumor of a sighting
of the dragon Seasmoke...
with a rider.
A fine piece
of intelligence.
and now you seek favor
by delivering it to Prince Aemond.
Actually. I thought I might seek
your advice. Lord Larys.
Whispers being
your province.
guard: Kneel before the Prince Regent
Aemond Targaryen!
Oh. but this
is your whisper.
Lord Jasper.
not mine.
But if you consider
it valuable...
perhaps you could
deliver it
and find favor
with Aemond yourself.
Aemond Targaryen: You will forsake
your white cloaks for black.
serve out your days
at The Wall.
Larys:
Who is this rider?
Ironrod:
That is less clear.
but it must surely
be the Lady Rhaena.
She has wanted
for a dragon all her life.
Indeed. but she
tried already
when she was
four and ten.
The beast Seasmoke
very nearly devoured her.
Who else?
Yes. it is
a shallow pool.
Where did
you hear it?
My squire.
He heard it
from a stablehand.
who heard it from
his father. a fisherman.
whose shipmate
claims he saw it.
Oh.
You are. of course.
welcome to bring this news
to the prince regent.
but. um...
perhaps this is one of those whispers
best left to the wind.
(prisoners struggling)
(Ironrod clears throat)
- (tense music playing)
- (horse neighs)
(dragons calling)
♪
(music fades out)
The queen
is unharmed.
Corlys Velaryon: What of the rider?
Do we know who he is?
He appears
to be a shipwright
in your employ.
Lord Hand.
Bartimos Celtigar:
A commoner?
With respect to your workers.
Lord Corlys.
the lowborn
cannot go around seizing dragons.
Has the thief
been secured?
Her Grace has commanded
that he remain here as a guest.
She wishes him
to be instructed
in the art
of dragonriding.
and that I should
teach him some High Valyrian.
Bartimos: We know nothing
about this man.
save that
he is lowborn.
What say you.
Lord Hand?
We will await
the queen's accounting...
- before passing judgment.
- (Bartimos sighs)
Where is the queen?
Her Grace sends word
she will not be attending.
Mysaria: So he serves you
and not himself.
- That is lucky.
- Lucky?
Or somehow ordained?
Seasmoke
chose him.
He surely has Targaryen blood
in him somewhere.
The dragon
must sense it.
There will
be others.
We will
find riders
for Vermithor
and Silverwing.
You trust this man?
What choice
do I have?
He has a dragon.
Without him.
I have only Syrax
who may give Aemond
a second thought.
The question
is where to look.
Targaryen blood was perhaps too thin
in Ser Steffon Darklyn.
If I can find others
with a more direct line
- of breeding.
- (Mysaria chuckles)
Forgive me.
Your Grace...
but you are better served looking
under the sheets and in the woodpiles.
I once worked
in a pleasure house
where generations
of Targaryen princelings had their revels.
There are four score
of their bastard progeny at least.
that are
known to me.
There are sure
to be more.
Perhaps some here.
on Dragonstone.
the misbegotten
offspring of your house.
You speak
of the lowborn.
They are as like
to serve you
as highborn lords or ladies.
perhaps more.
But in the highborn
houses there is...
(inhales)
an ancient fealty.
There is honor.
Your royal half-brothers.
Aegon and Aemond.
whose blood is pure. who wage war
against you for your throne.
are they bound
by honor?
A common shipwright
vows to serve you
while your brothers
seek to destroy you.
The order of things
has changed. Your Grace.
Why not embrace it?
For 20 years. the lords
of this realm levied...
insults at my sons
behind my back.
Well then.
Let us raise
an army of bastards.
- My lord.
- Corlys: "My lord"?
How you have
come up in the world.
I wish to ask for leave
to relinquish my part
as a shipwright
in your service.
There are good men
and strong who can take my place...
Your leave is granted.
Well done.
(intense music playing)
(horses neigh)
♪
(knocks on door)
Simon Strong: Lord Tully has answered
your summons and brought
the Riverlords. my king.
Daemon Targaryen: My condolences
on the passing of your grandsire
but the crown congratulates you on
your ascension to the head of your house
and Lord Paramount
in the Riverlands.
Truly glorious.
Well done.
- I did nothing.
- Nevertheless. you are here. which is the important thing.
You were quick enough
to dismiss me before.
You were of no significance
to me then.
Now...
I shall have
my great host.
You have
a decision to make.
I presume it is clear to you
which is the right one.
Oscar Tully: You'll forgive me.
Your Grace.
I am green in this
sort of matter.
as you so kindly
point out. but... (inhales)
it does seem to me
that you've made rather a mess here.
countenancing barbarities
in the queen's name.
Whose side
are you on?
(deep breath)
The Riverlands are
held together by oaths.
House Tully swore
an oath to King Viserys.
We recognize
the authority
of the named heir.
Queen Rhaenyra
and your own...
as her king consort.
Good.
Then we shall
go to face your vassals
and you will call
your banners to war.
That might be difficult.
my king.
Well...
I was told
they would come to heel
when House Tully
declared its allegiance.
That may be the case.
though it is yet to be seen
that they will heed my authority
as young as it is.
And there is
another problem.
They all hate you.
(quiet. tense music playing)
I don't need
their love.
I need
their swords.
(door opens)
Your Grace. my lord.
The Riverlords await.
I fear we cannot
delay them any longer.
Daemon:
Come along. Lord Oscar.
(music intensifies)
In the deepest darkness
comes the dawn.
A new lord.
a new beginning.
Let us put all the old
unpleasantness behind us.
Be welcome.
my lords...
and you have my thanks
for answering my summons.
I know I'm not the man
my grandsire was.
but I hope to begin well.
and go on from there.
Daemon: Well said.
One thing is clear...
the Rivermen honor the old ways
and abide by tradition.
Here. then.
is tradition.
Grover Tully
is dead.
Lord Oscar raised up
in his place.
You have been
summoned here
to swear anew
your fealty to him.
and as his bannermen.
answer his call.
And what would
that call be?
In his wisdom.
he has pledged his house.
and yours. to me.
(Riverlords murmuring)
Lord Piper: Lord Oscar. for generations
we have been guided
by the judgment
of your forebears.
Why should we now follow a boy.
younger than my own sons.
when you will
align with one
who will desecrate
the innocent to reach his aims?
(Riverlords murmuring)
I did only what was
necessary. my lord.
And I now deliver
to you the traitor
Amos Bracken
and his son.
No more traitor to his land than you.
Willem Blackwood.
I take to heart
your words. Lord Piper.
and I agree.
I-I-I am young.
(sighs)
And I have no love
for Daemon Targaryen.
He has dishonored himself
and the crown with his...
comportment here.
Nevertheless. having
so little experience to guide me.
my best course is to defer
to the oath my grandsire swore
to King Viserys
when he named Rhaenyra his heir.
I see no reason
to cast aside loyalty
no matter how loathsome
I may find her representative the prince.
King.
Mind your tongue. boy.
(Riverlords murmuring)
Will you have
our army or not?
I am. in the end.
a Riverman
and the word
of my house stands.
even if certain people
are unworthy of it.
(wind blowing)
(sighs)
Your Lord Oscar is bold.
But he is perhaps not wrong.
I may have been
a touch enthusiastic
in pursuing my aims.
But don't allow
my failings to...
keep you from supporting
an upright man.
Lady Mallister: Lord Oscar.
we honor the old ways.
as Prince Daemon says
- and the old ways call for justice to be done.
- riverlord: Yes!
Justice has
been done.
They who bent the knee
to the usurper have been brought to heel.
And now.
we unite before our liege lord...
and our king consort.
I accept you as my vassal.
Willem Blackwood...
but...
I am Lord Paramount
of all River Houses.
And there is only one answer
for the crimes
you visited upon
your neighbors.
I did only what
His Grace the king required of me.
Oscar: It is true that he made
clear his base desires.
but you did not
have to pursue such savagery.
You did it...
because you wanted to.
Our young lord speaks truly.
- Seize him.
- (Riverlords murmuring)
Willem Blackwood:
Don't fuckin' do this.
Your Grace. command them.
I've only served you.
- Command them.
- Oscar: If His Grace wishes
to show contrition
for his acts
and to prove himself
deserving of our banners
he must now rectify
his grievous error.
Denounce
your crimes...
and dispense
justice.
Oh. dear.
♪
(muffled. echoing)
No. no. no!
I did as you asked. Your Grace.
I have been faithful.
♪
(music stops)
(wind blowing)
(unsettling music playing)
(goat bleating)
(person breathing heavily)
(music fades out)
(crown clinks)
(Viserys breathing heavily)
What is this?
I never wanted it.
I was right not to.
All that pain
it caused.
It crushes
whoever wears it.
You always
wanted it. Daemon.
Do you want it still?
(high-pitched ringing)
- (Aegon grunting)
- Grand Maester Orwyle: Steady. Slowly.
Aegon Targaryen:
I can't.
Orwyle: You can.
You must try. Your Grace.
(Aegon groans)
- (cane snaps. clatters)
- (Aegon wincing. yelling)
I can't. I can't!
(groaning)
I'm sorry. Your Grace.
- (cries) Oh. God. Oh. God.
- (knocking at door)
- (Aegon yells)
- A moment!
- (aggressive knocking)
- A moment. please!
(door opens)
You really oughtn't
to be doing that alone. Grand Maester.
(groaning)
Allow me.
(Aegon panicking)
Aegon:
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Forgive me.
Your Grace.
(grunting. yelling)
- Orwyle: Be careful.
- Wait. wait.
(yelling)
(Aegon breathing heavily)
Your progress
is impressive.
But I'm afraid you
must work harder.
Your strength
will return.
There are...
adjustments
to the gait
and so forth
that you will learn
now that you are...
as you are.
(grunting)
You should be
more cautious.
I. I should.
Lord Larys.
He-He needs rest.
He should be abed.
I push him
on your instruction.
I'll have the sentry
give you more warning.
Let him try again
in a few hours.
He is spent.
(softly) It will be long before
he may rest again.
(Aegon groans)
(indistinct chatter)
Corlys:
Alyn.
Alyn of Hull:
My lord.
Corlys: I have tasks that need
your personal attention.
The queen requires ships at her service
in King's Landing.
Charter fishing vessels.
Pay whatever they demand
but ensure
their captains are dependable.
- Put trusted swords aboard.
- Yes. m'lord.
Have them wait
just outside the harbor.
And there will be a message to carry
to one she will name.
The queen has found
a new rider for one of her dragons.
I've heard
tell of it.
The rider is
your brother.
She now makes
the call for others.
Our people are
of Old Valyria.
but... we are
no dragonlords.
I confess. I knew little of
your mother's heritage.
If it is...
something
in the blood.
My brother was
ever restless.
yearning for some
sign of his worth.
I am of salt and sea.
I yearn
for nothing else.
(wind blowing)
(tense. solemn music playing)
♪
(tense. mischievous
music playing)
(wind blowing)
(panting)
♪
(music fades out)
(ambient nature sounds)
(horse grunting)
I will retire now.
Ser Rickard.
When does Your Grace
mean to return to the city?
I'm not yet certain I do.
Good night.
Jacaerys Velaryon:
The lowborn claiming dragons.
was it her idea?
Lady Mysaria?
You were enthusiastic enough
when Ser Steffon made his claim.
He was the Lord Commander
of your Queensguard.
Heir to the Dun Fort.
These people are...
Courageous.
Mongrels.
(Rhaenyra sighs)
Jace.
Think what
is at stake.
I know well
what is at stake.
House Targaryen
is the blood of the dragon.
If any may lay claim to it.
what are we then?
The rightful rulers
of the Seven Kingdoms.
And what if one of your baseborn.
silver-haired dragonriders
decides he wants to rule
the Seven Kingdoms?
Did the Conqueror's
dream foretell that?
What else would
you have me do?
Prosecute a war.
which we will lose.
in which
thousands will die.
Or fly against
Vhagar myself?
Or perhaps you will fly
against her on Vermax.
Jace. with these riders.
we can end a needless war.
I may take my rightful place
on my father's throne.
Jacaerys:
And when you die?
(chuckles)
You are my heir.
(inhales)
Did you think
I would have dark hair?
When you took
Harwin Strong into your bed.
did you think
I might favor him.
or did it not
cross your mind?
- Jacaerys...
- I'm no fool. Mother!
The proof is here
for all to see.
Yet I may argue
my legitimacy to succeed you
because I have a dragon.
And now you say
you will strip that from me too.
I mislike all of this.
(sniffles)
Then don't pursue it.
(light music playing)
But I cannot gainsay
that which the gods
have laid before me.
(light. tense music playing)
(tense music playing)
Do whatever you must
to see that it finds her.
♪
(indistinct chatter)
From the queen.
♪
(singers vocalizing)
Mujja:
You won't believe this.
(indistinct chatter)
Word is.
Rhaenyra's recruiting
smallfolk to go to
(whispers) Dragonstone.
- Oh. fuck that.
- Oh. they wouldn't take you anyway.
(laughter)
They're looking...
for Targaryen bastards.
Boats leave tonight.
Hour of the bat.
Seven hells. Ulf.
This is it! (laughs)
Yeah. a likely story.
- You've been taken in. lads.
- Mujja: No. no. no. no. no.
The queen's own handmaid is here.
spreadin' the word.
Ulf: Well. that's a shame
'cause I'd have been
first in line if it
wasn't for my injury.
- 'Cause my leg hasn't been the same since...
- Are you touched?
He's saying you
can claim a dragon.
The barkeep from
the Seven Maesters is goin'.
And two of the girls
from Mother's.
- (hushed) A chance to stick it to Aemond.
- And claim a dragon.
- (hushed) Dragon!
- Yeah. no. I know.
- Mujja: What?
- I know. I just... I can't...
I can't be sure
it's all true.
You can't mean
that you've been drinkin'
at the expense of all these.
these good people
- for a fiction? No. Ulf.
- No. no. Shh.
All spark and no tinder?
- Mujja: They won't be happy.
- Cley: They'll be very unhappy.
- Never live it down.
- Come on. Ulf. the time has come!
- Mujja: Come on!
Cley:
Can I see a little glimmer?
- Mujja: Where is it?
- There's the Ulf I know.
Mujja:
Yes! Yes. there he is!
- Yes. yes!
- Wine! Wine for Ulf the Dragonlord!
- Ulf the Dragonlord!
- (all cheering)
Ulf the Dragonlord!
(all chanting "Ulf")
(Cley laughs)
(fire crackling)
Kat:
I don't want you to go.
I have to. Kat.
We'll go to my brother
in Tumbleton.
They'll have food.
You'll find work.
I can't ignore this.
(dog barking outside)
I never knew
my father.
That much is true.
But I did know
my mother.
(outside chatter)
I hid it from you.
And I'm sorry
for that.
(sighs)
She worked...
in a pleasure house.
She was granted
more freedom than most
because of
who she was.
And because rich men paid more
to fuck a woman with silver hair.
She used to tell me...
I was no different
to her brother's boys
Viserys... and Daemon.
(Hugh inhales)
But I was
ashamed of her.
I tried to make my way
with my own hands.
(solemn music playing)
I could not protect you.
I could not keep
our girl alive.
And now...
we would never
want again.
If I claimed a dragon...
they'd make you a lady.
♪
I do not care
to be a lady. Hugh.
And neither do
I want to be a widow.
♪
I have to do somethin'.
(tense music playing)
♪
- (music fades out)
- (ambient nature sounds)
(light music playing)
(wind blowing)
♪
(music intensifies)
(music fades out)
(dragonkeeper speaking
High Valyrian)
(speaking High Valyrian)
(nearby dragon growls)
(deep breath)
I used to think I knew
what it was to claim a dragon. but...
I understand now that
what I thought I knew is...
ash in the wind.
Perhaps it is blood.
Or worth.
Or perhaps it's
something else.
Each of you... has left behind a life
to answer this call.
A life to which...
you might never return.
If you survive.
you will be transformed.
No man or woman can face a dragon
and be otherwise.
Some of you may welcome
the prospect of change.
even death.
given the alternatives:
privation...
starvation. war.
This is our purpose.
to end those
hardships.
For you...
for your kin.
for all the realm.
With these two dragons
added to our number.
the enemy will have
no choice but to give way.
And peace will
be restored...
suffering
will be ended.
and without
bloodshed...
gods willing.
(nearby dragon growls)
- (tense music playing)
- (deep breath)
The dragon
named Vermithor...
is the largest
in the world after Vhagar.
and... perhaps.
the most fierce.
He's called the Bronze Fury.
♪
We'll go to him now.
And...
may the gods bless you.
♪
(music fades out)
(Rhaenyra speaking
High Valyrian)
(heavy footstep)
(rumbling)
(heavy footsteps)
(Vermithor roars)
(Rhaenyra speaking
High Valyrian)
(screeches)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(Vermithor calms)
(grumbling)
(Vermithor growling)
Who among you
would be first?
(all murmuring)
(Vermithor grumbles)
(grumbling)
I have nothing
more to tell you.
It must be
the dragon who speaks.
(all murmuring)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(all panicking)
(deep. low growling)
(Vermithor calms)
(panting)
(roars)
(all screaming)
- Your Grace. we must away!
- No.
(screaming)
(grunts)
(roars)
dragonseed:
Help me! Help...
Help me!
(tense. solemn music playing)
♪
(Vermithor screeches)
(coughing)
- (Vermithor roars)
- (panting)
Oh. f...
(tense music playing)
- (indistinct yelling)
- (Vermithor screeches)
(panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
- (Hugh panting)
- (smallfolk yelling)
(Vermithor screeches. roars)
(screams)
(grunts)
(smallfolk screaming)
- No!
- Shh. shh. shh!
(both panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
(roars)
(screaming)
(panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
(heavy footsteps)
(Vermithor grumbles)
(screeches)
(roaring)
(grunts)
(grumbling)
(groans)
(smallfolk panicking)
Here!
Here I am!
(roaring)
I'm ready.
(yells)
Come on!
(heavy breathing)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(Vermithor calms)
♪
(music intensifies)
(music fades out)
(Ulf panting. grunts)
(grunting)
(coughing)
(groans. panting)
(coughs)
(panting)
(dragon growls)
(heavy breathing)
(dragon grumbling)
- (roars)
- (heavy footsteps)
(grumbles)
(Ulf grunting)
(grumbling)
(Silverwing calms)
(panting)
(grunting)
(grumbles)
(exhales)
(laughing)
"Lord Ormund Hightower
makes slow progress.
"There is great
concern that his host
"is threatened
on two fronts
by armies allied
with House Beesbury."
(outside chatter)
However.
in happier tidings.
Prince Daeron's
dragon. Tessarion.
has at last
taken to wing.
Your brother expects
to join the fight soon.
guard (shouts):
Dragon!
Ironrod:
And when he does.
the Hightower host
will be unstoppable.
guard (shouts):
Dragon! Inside! Now!
(indistinct shouting outside)
(tense music playing)
(bells ringing)
guard (shouts):
Take positions!
(guards shouting)
♪
(Silverwing calling)
(yelling)
(yelling. laughing)
♪
- (Aemond grunts)
- (horse neighs)
Open the gates!
(chattering. shouting)
(music fades out)
(intense music playing)
(roars)
♪
(speaking High Valyrian)
(roars)
♪
(dragons roaring)
(music fades out)
(tense music playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm